说到筷子的起源，中国是世界上第一个使用筷子的国家，用筷子吃饭已经有至少3000年的历史了。
筷子看起来很简单，只有两根小细棒
但它有很多功能，比如挑选，移动，夹，搅拌或者挖。
此外，它便于使用，价格便宜。
而且筷子也是世界上独有的餐具。
使用筷子的人，无论是中国人还是外国人，都无不钦佩筷子的发明者。

　　As the origin of chopsticks, China is the first country in the world to use chopsticks and has a history of at least 3,000 years to have meals with chopsticks. Chopsticks seems quite simple with only two small and thin sticks, but it is in possession of many functions, such as picking, moving, nipping, mixing and digging; moreover，it is convenient for use and cheap in price. Besides, chopsticks are also unique tableware in the world. Anyone using chopsticks，no matter Chinese or foreigners, would without exception admire the inventor of chopsticks.

对于世界上很多国家来说，中国正迅速成为他们最重要的双边 贸易伙伴。
然而，中国和世界其他国家之间贸易不平衡的 问题已经引发了关注。
尤其是美国对中国的贸易赤字是最大的，达 到了 3150亿美元，这个数字是十年前的三倍还多。
贸易纠纷也越来越多，主要是关于倾销、知识产权和人民币的估价。

　　For many countries around the world, China is rapidly becoming their most important bilateral trade partner. However，there have been concerns over large trade imbalances between China and the rest of the world. The US in particular has the largest trade deficit in the world with China at $315 billion, more than three times what it was a decade ago. There have also been a growing number of trade disputes brought against, mainly for dumping, intellectual property and the valuation of the yuan.

2008全球经济衰退导致中国的新毕业生的就业市场显著下降。 
2009年毕业的学生将加入到2008年毕业仍在找工作的300万学生之中。
毕业生过剩也可以归因于大学入学率的提高和教育机构的增加。
虽然大学的学生人数增加了，但是他们的质量并没有明显地提高。
在大多数情况下，毕业生无法在2008年找到合适的就业机会是因为他们没有行业所需的技能。

　　The 2008 global recession resulted in a significant drop in the job market for China’s new graduates. Students graduating in 2009 will join around three million students who graduated in 2008 and are still seeking job opportunities. The graduate glut can also be attributed to a rise in the number of college enrollments and educational institutions. Although the number of college students has increased, there has not been any significant improvement in their quality. In most cases, graduates were unable to find suitable employment in 2008 because they did not have the skills required by the industry.
